Going back to your love of history, Julian, you are the Secretary of the Abbecombe Heritage Trust. When did you become involved with the Trust?
Well, I was well aware of it from the word go and I wasn't involved with it for some reason.
Three years ago, my arm was got up behind my back and I agreed to become Secretary of it because there was a need.
But I was aware at that time there was virtually nobody represented in that organisation from the village.
And the heritage is the villages. It doesn't belong to a society or a small group of individuals.
It doesn't actually live here at all. It is ours.
It is ours. And I think what we have been able to do over the last few years is to make it much more relevant to the local community and the work that the Trust is doing, not only in terms of interpreting the history, but making contact with people and putting things into the community.
The project that we have been engaged in is a project which somehow gained the title Demystifies the Abbe.
Which I had no part in that title, but it's an historic fact that certain aspects of the history of the Abbe are total mystery.
They built the largest nave of any church in Britain, in Euroform pretty much, but there's no sign that it was ever completed.
And all the sort of support things like dormitories and cloisters and up the go with an Abbe. They appear to be largely lacking as well.
So there's a lot of mystery there.
So Ellen was supposedly buried there after his death at Kilmerry in 1282.
That's a bit of a mystery. What was going on there? Was there having battles outside the fighting season and all sorts of things going on? Why was he brought there?
There are lots of things to find out. And in that we've been lucky to develop an association with a project called Sacred Landscapes, which is being run between Lampeter and Leeds Universities.
And it just so happened to fit with the sort of work we were trying to do. So it's been a huge stimulus to finding out more about the context of Kilmer Abbe.
And we've been doing a lot of work with St Harman, which as a St Harman church site is very ancient. It was an almost completely circular town.
And it was almost certainly a pre-Christian site of religious significance.
So through the Sacred Landscapes we're looking at that wider context. And really any aspect of the local history, the landscape history, the character of the landscape over quite a long period of time, which has engaged many more people.